{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1049{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1049\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \f1\fs40\lang1049\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title TProperty}{\author Silent}{\operator Silent}{\creatim\yr2002\mo5\dy21\hr22\min59}
{\revtim\yr2002\mo5\dy23\hr1\min26}{\version4}{\edmins12}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords182}{\nofchars1039}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale132\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \f1\fs40\lang1049\cgrid {TProperty}{\lang1033 Editor
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1049\cgrid {\f1\lang1033 
\par unit PropEdit
\par 
\par TObject
\par 
\par TPropertyEditor class represents editor for TProperty object. 
\par To create new property editor class create new descendant from TPropertyEditor and override Execute method using Prop property that contains the edited property.
\par 
\par PropEdit unit defines TPropertyEditorClass as 
\par TPropertyEditorClass = class of TPropertyEditor;
\par This type is used in GetEditorClass function and OnGetEditorClass event of TObjectInspector.
\par 
\par TObjectInspector uses some pre-defined property editors:
\par 
\par Editor class\tab \tab \tab Property type\tab \tab Unit
\par 
\par TFontPropertyEditor\tab \tab TFont\tab \tab \tab PropEdit
\par TColorPropertyEditor\tab \tab TColor\tab \tab \tab PropEdit
\par TPicturePropertyEditor\tab \tab TPicture, TGraphic\tab PicsEdit
\par TStringsPropertyEditor\tab \tab TStrings\tab \tab StrsEdit
\par 
\par PUBLIC
\par 
\par methods
\par 
\par constructor Create(AProp: TProperty); virtual;
\par This constructor creates and initializes TPropertyEditor instance.
\par 
\par function Execute: Boolean; virtual; abstract;
\par This fu
nction must call editor and sets property value using Prop property if the changes must be applied. This is abstract function, so it must be overridden in the descendant classes. This function must return True if the value is changed otherwise False.

\par 
\par property Prop: TProperty;
\par This property contains edited property. It must be used for getting and setting the property value in Execute function.
\par }}