{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\uc1 \deff0\deflang1049\deflangfe1049{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f30\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1049\langfe1049\cgrid\langnp1049\langfenp1049 \snext0 
Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs40\lang1033\langfe1049\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1049 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title TCustomComponentComboBox}{\author Silent}{\operator Ilya}{\creatim\yr2003\mo1\dy10\hr13\min21}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy9\hr2\min8}{\version5}{\edmins16}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords571}{\nofchars3258}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8249}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr850\margt1134\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale153\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs40\lang1033\langfe1049\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1049 {TCustomSystemColorsInspector
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1049\langfe1049\cgrid\langnp1049\langfenp1049 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1049\langnp1033 
\par unit SColInsp
\par 
\par TObject \endash  TPersistent \endash  TComponent \endash  TControl \endash  TWinControl \endash  TCustomListBox - TCustomInspector
\par 
\par TCustomSystemColorsInspector is the base class for system colors inspectors.
\par This inspector allows to change the system appearance.
\par 
\par PROTECTED
\par 
\par methods
\par 
\par function GetPopupItemWidth(ListBox: TListBox; TheIndex: Integer): Integer; override;
\par This overriden method calculates width of drop-down list box item.
\par 
\par procedure DrawPopupItem(ListBox: TListBox; ListItemIndex: Integer; R: TRect; TheIndex: Integer); override;
\par This overriden method draws item of drop-down list box.
\par 
\par procedure DrawPropertyValue(TheCanvas: TCanvas; TheIndex: Integer; R: TRect); override;
\par This overriden method draws inspector value with color label at the left.
\par 
\par function GetName(TheIndex: Integer): string; override;
\par This overriden method returns system color name.
\par 
\par function GetValue(TheIndex: Integer): string; override;
\par This overriden method returns system color value. For know colors the name of color is returned otherwise result represents decimal values of R,G and B components of the color, separated by commas.
\par 
\par procedure SetValue(TheIndex: Integer; const Value: string); override;
\par This overriden method changes sustem color using passed Value. Value can be name of color ('Black', 'White', 'Money Green', etc.) of RGB decimal values, separated by commas ('120,150,170').
\par 
\par function GetIndent: Integer; override;
\par This overriden method always retunrs zero, because the inspector has no subitems.
\par 
\par procedure GetValuesList(TheIndex: Integer; const Strings: TStrings); override;
\par This overriden method fills passed Strings by list of color names.
\par 
\par function GetSelectedValue(TheIndex: Integer): string; override;
\par This overriden method returns item color name (if any) as selected value for the drop-down list.
\par 
\par function GetButtonType(TheIndex: Integer): TButtonType; override;
\par This overriden method always returns btDropDown.
\par 
\par function GetEnableExternalEditor(TheIndex: Integer): Boolean; override;
\par This overriden method always returns True for enable calling the external editor.
\par 
\par function CallEditor(TheIndex: Integer): Boolean; override;
\par This overriden method calls standard color dialog when user double-clicks on the value.
\par 
\par PUBLIC
\par 
\par methods
\par 
\par constructor Create(AOwner: TComponent); override;
\par This overriden constructor call inherited constructor for creating an instance of the component then sets ItemCount to count of system colors.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs40\lang1033\langfe1049\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1049 {TSystemColorsInspector
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1049\langfe1049\cgrid\langnp1049\langfenp1049 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1049\langnp1033 
\par unit SColInsp
\par 
\par TObject \endash  TPersistent \endash  TComponent \endash  TControl \endash  TWinControl \endash  TCustomListBox \endash  TCustomInspector - TCustomSystemColorsInspector
\par 
\par TSystemColorsInspector is the published inspector class for editing system appearance.
\par 
\par PUBLISHED
\par 
\par property Anchors;
\par property Constraints;
\par property Align;
\par property BorderStyle;
\par property Color;
\par property Ctl3D;
\par property DragCursor;
\par property DragMode;
\par property Enabled;
\par property Font;
\par property IntegralHeight;
\par property ParentColor;
\par property ParentCtl3D;
\par property ParentFont;
\par property ParentShowHint;
\par property PopupMenu;
\par property ShowHint;
\par property Sorted;
\par property TabOrder;
\par property TabStop;
\par property Visible;
\par property PaintStyle;
\par property Splitter;
\par 
\par events
\par 
\par property OnDragDrop;
\par property OnDragOver;
\par property OnEndDrag;
\par property OnEnter;
\par property OnExit;
\par property OnStartDrag;
\par property OnUpdate;
\par property OnValidateChar;
\par property OnChangeValue;
\par property OnDrawName;
\par property OnDrawValue;
\par property OnGetName;
\par property OnGetValue;
\par property OnGetNextValue;
\par property OnSetValue;
\par property OnGetButtonType;
\par property OnGetInplaceEditorType;
\par property OnGetMaxLength;
\par property OnGetEnableExternalEditor;
\par property OnGetReadOnly;
\par property OnGetExpandState;
\par property OnGetLevel;
\par property OnGetValuesList;
\par property OnGetSortValuesList;
\par property OnGetSelectedValue;
\par property OnGetAutoApply;
\par property OnGetNameFont;
\par property OnGetNameColor;
\par property OnGetValueFont;
\par property OnGetValueColor;
\par property OnCallEditor;
\par property OnValueDoubleClick;
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1049\langnp1033 property OnDeselectItem;
\par property OnSelectItem;  }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1049\langnp1033 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1049\langnp1033 
\par }}